[Music]
I'm what you would call a savant.
Numbers appear like shapes to me. And
for instance,
if you were to ask me, "What is the
square root of 3365?"
I would immediately picture 3365
as some sort of three-dimensional
hovering pyramid. By studying its shape
and even its pale pink color, I can
almost immediately tell that the<unk> of
is 58.009.
The math, it just it just clicks into
place.
It's really hard for me to explain, but
I can use my imagination shapes to
process almost any equation.
I've always been able to. The mental
talent of mind is what's landed me my
many scholarships biaries. I'm even on
track for a pretty cushy tenure position
at a university.
Life's been pretty generous overall as a
result.
And I wish it could have stayed that
way.
But then I had the car accident and my
ever useful imaginary shapes
became
something more
awful.
I was driving back from Seattle feeling
smug about my speech at a large college.
I felt like I had effectively disproven
Galileo's theory of polomial equations
in a room full of the country's top
mathematicians.
And then
my car flipped over just like that.
Car accident. Never saw it coming.
Don't remember it to this day.
I woke up in the hospital with my legs
and back in horrific pain. A nurse must
have noticed my movement because the
next thing I knew, a doctor came up and
asked me how I was doing.
All I could manage was a moan.
Doctor nodded and um
asked if I could count to 10. I pursed
my lips at my quivering best.
One,
two, two,
three.
When I reached four, I noticed a
translucent pyramid forming in the
corner of my eye.
It was It was really strange, like one
of my imaginary shapes, except it had
appeared all on its own.
The ghostly pyramid began to spin,
approaching me slowly.
The doctor nodded, jotting something
down, and then the triangular shape
drifted closer and closer. I could
practically hear the pyramid whirling by
my bedside,
hearing the imaginary shapes. Now, that
was new.
I squeezed my eyes shut
and groaned through my teeth.
Understandable, the doctor said. They'll
give you something for the pain.
When I opened my eyes,
the pyramid was gone. Over
the next few weeks, as I recovered in
the hospital, whenever anyone mentioned
any sort of number in any way, the
shapes would appear
all on their own.
It wasn't a pyramid. Sometimes it was
was cubes. It was cylinders,
triangular prisms.
They would all hover in front of my eyes
like tiny floaters you might see on your
eyeballs staring up at the sun.
Except they weren't floaters.
They're more like 3D holograms that only
I could see.
I asked the doctor if I had some kind of
brain trauma, some something that could
give me hallucinations.
But they said not to worry.
Our minds often produce little stars and
optical artifacts after a hard bonk on
the head. Should all fade away in less
than 6 months.
Six months came and went.
It got worse.
The shapes began to group together.
One long rectangular prism would form a
a brow and then oblique spheroid would
form a mouth. Two small shimmering
diamonds form eyes. That's right. The
shapes they started making a face.
I was actually having lunch with the
university's dean, explaining just how
ready I was to return to the workplace
when I first saw the horrifying face
thing.
It assembled itself and hovered right
next to the dean's head.
I'm sorry you've had to reduce your
salary, but it's all probationary. I
hope you understand. It won't affect
your 403b plans unless David.
Hello, you with me?
The shapes all furrowed, resulting in a
very demonic expression. Two cones
appeared and acted as horns.
David,
what is it? I clutched my eyes shut and
breathed through my palms.
Only after a minute of blinding myself
did the faceling disappear.
Are you all right?
Strong metallic taste filled my mouth. I
pushed away from the dean's desk and
threw up. After several awkward minutes
and apologizing profusely, I explained
that it must have been my concussion
acting up. The dean nodded with a
resigned frown. Right, Ryan.
Let's give it some more time.
But time
time only made things worse.
Not long after, in the middle of the
night, I was awoken by the sound of a
windchime. Delicate, ephemeral
windchimes.
A dark shadow crossed behind my dresser,
and I recognized
that same hovering facel.
The eyes were gleaming.
It inched out, warping its ovoid mouth
as if to mimic the shapes of talking.
The voice was the most sterile,
synthetic tone I'd ever heard. as if a
computer had mimicked the voice of
another computer which had been
mimicking the voice of another computer
which had been mimicking the voice of
another computer at infinitum.
Show me. The words came warbling.
I sprung up in a cold sweat. What?
Show me.
I closed my eyes, stuffed in my AirPods
with white noise on full blast. It was
the only way to ignore the voices that
that weren't really there.
I thought all these shapes had to just
be in my head, right? But since I was a
child, my trick for falling asleep was
to count sheep. So So that's what I did.
1 2 3. The adorable cartoon sheep in my
mind's eye began to morph. Their wool
shredded out into long strands of barbed
wire. shimmering angular wire that
lengthened with each number I counted.
After eight,
I stopped counting. The barb wire
collapsed and coiled around the bleeding
mammals soft flesh. I could hear the
shrieks of death. No.
I threw off the covers and stood up in
my room.
The translucent faceling hovered with an
evil smile above my bed. Get the [__]
away. Get the [__] out of my head.
The faceling opened its mouth and I
could see new barbed wires floating out
of its throat, undulating like little
snakes.
I ran out of my house. The rest of the
night was spent walking around the
university grounds until the cafe
opened.
Insomnia
became my new friend.
I didn't know how to make the visual
hallucinations go away.
All I knew was that if I interacted with
numbers, like if I heard them,
say them,
especially counted them.
The faceling became worse.
Paying all my hospital bills resulted in
giving the faceling a torso.
Filing away all my old math work gave
the faceling long insectlike arms.
Dialing the number for the psychiatrist
gave it a long tubular tail.
I've had many sessions with my shrink
now. Draining what little was left of my
bank account to try and rewire my head
to stop seeing this horrible nightmare.
Just embrace it. My shrine finally said,
"Embrace it. You tried everything to
make it go away. Why don't you listen to
what it wants?" "What do you mean?"
It could be your subconscious trying to
purge something. If you just let it run
its course, it could finally leave you
alone.
I thought about what the faceling
wanted.
All it ever said was, "Show me." which
never made any sense because what could
I possibly have to show?
Can you draw it? My shrink asked at the
end of my session. Maybe if I could see
what you're seeing, I could be more of
use.
And then everything fell into place.
It wanted to show itself. The facing
wanted to be presented. It was saying,
"Show me."
I drew some rough sketches of a snake
creature with a demon face, bug legs.
The psychiatrist admitted that it looked
pretty unsettling,
but she and I both knew an amateur
drawing wasn't its true form. No, its
true form was what all of its body parts
created when added together.
What all the math counted up to
the equation.
My connection with the university is
tenuous at best. As my mathematical
brilliance had not quite returned to its
previous state, the faculty was not
exactly excited to have me back. But
when I told them that I had a
breakthrough, that I discovered a
formula to end all formulas. They let me
have a guest lecture at the STEM hall.
A couple curious students trickled in
for my lecture. Some of the old
professors sat in the back.
I explained that I would reveal my
theory once I had written it all down on
the whiteboard behind me. It would make
better sense that way.
No sooner had I finished talking when
the demon face crawled up a few feet
away from me. The awful thing had grown
into a monstrous 10-ft scorpion
with a curved pyramidal stinger.
It was hard not to shudder.
From the sight of it, I stood my ground.
I'm not afraid of you, I said to myself.
The faceling didn't look threatened. In
fact, it appeared overjoyed because it
knew what I was doing.
He calmly glanced at its colors and
angles. It wrote the measurements on the
whiteboard.
73.46
was the square root of its spine.
406 was the surface area of its claws.
9.12
was the diameter of its fangs. The
numbers grouped in a formula that felt
as natural as the golden ratio. Except
instead of eliciting the feeling of
completeness or beauty,
I started feeling sick to my stomach.
What is it? One of the professors asked
from the back. Is this related to
Galileo's theorem? I continued to write
without stopping. I was in a flow state
and there was no room for second
guesses. I heard gagging from the back.
A few students were feeling sick.
David, what are these numbers? Bring us
up to speed here. But I couldn't stop.
My hand kept writing even though the
audience behind me started to writhe and
vomit. I I didn't look back for any
glances. The math had to be written out.
Are Are you bleeding, David? Your eyes.
What's happening to your eyes?
Warm, prickling liquid poured out from
my tear ducts. I could see large red
stains on my shirt. It wasn't tears. I
squinted and gritted through the pain.
The fiery heat in my vision was
relentless, but I had to push forward.
For the love of God, David, what is
this? They're passing out. The students,
David, stop.
I added brackets, exponents, couple
Greek letters. I was channeling all the
numbers from the faceling I could grasp.
I understood them perfectly. On the very
last line, my formula came to a close.
Omega
equals delta 4 * 23.66.
David, what is the meaning of this?
What is this equation?
I wiped the blood from my eyes and
cleared my throat.
The lecture was filled with worried
expressions and nausea.
It's a mathematical representation
for what?
I didn't know how else to put it, so
I just slipped out the word.
Evil.
There came the screeching of a thousand
slaughtered lambs.
Everyone's jaw dropped. The massive
scorpion facel which had been
translucent this entire time suddenly
became opaque.
Everyone could see what I saw.
Jesus Christ, what in the world is that?
And like a tornado of violent shapes,
the faceling lunged forward and gored
the front row of attendees. Anyone who
tried to run was skewered by its pyramid
stinger.
I froze in awe, stupified by what I had
wrought. The face scared across the
seats and punctured every supple neck I
could find. I watched as it gripped the
shoulders of the oldest professor I had
known and then bit its head clean off.
Blood spattered across the mahogany
steps.
Bodies crumbled to the floor. When the
demon had finished its massacre, the
face shapes reconfigured into a knowing
smile.
I've been shown,
it said.
Then, as if struck by a breeze, all the
triangles, pyramids, and cubes
comprising the creature broke apart.
They shot past me through the window on
my left. Glass shattered, and I watched
as the raw arithmetic drifted out into
the sky.
The shapes had soared out like a storm
of hail.
Though the university was on lockdown
for weeks after the occurrence,
the incident to this day has never been
released to the public. Six students and
three professors had been killed by
something the authorities internally
called a disastrous force. Though
outwardly they just called this a
shooting.
I pretended I too had passed out. I had
no explanation for what happened.
But I know what I did.
I'd removed the equation from my mind
and I'd spilled it out into the world.
Like a useful fool,
I had inadvertently spread this evil.
I posted this here so that others could
be warned.
If anyone encounters a strange set of
numbers on a calculator, a spreadsheet
that feels off, or a a rogue pyramid
spinning out in the middle of your
vision, let me know.
Whatever this entity is, it thrives on
digits. It thrives on math. It wants to
use arithmetic to spread itself and
wreak untold havoc.
Whatever you do, don't interact with it.
Don't look at it. Don't listen to it.
And for God's sake, if you think
something is wrong, if you had a car
accident, you see shapes, do not count
to 10.
It only makes it worse.
Hey there kids, it's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta, and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. It's still cold.
I don't know if you guys have that major
freeze that happened to me, but uh yeah,
it's in Texas and it's snowing. So, it's
pretty damn cold, but you know what's
not cold? A hot cup of tea. And my wife
still sells tea. And as always, I want
to give a very big thank you to
everybody who supports me over at
Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppepasta.
I cannot thank you guys enough. Thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as asset system,
ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Pammonium, Caluna, Chain Smoker Dealer,
Chicago Hitman, Cory Kench, Croat 508,
Crusader Chocobo, Curs Primark, Dakota
Best, Dgo Pollson, Dante Concincaid,
Diana Krauss, Ellie Hutmire, Enchanted
Buns, Estamine, Gemma Holly, Hades
Nephew, Kimo Jerry, Hour Minute Seconds
Time, Jay Ke, Janice Pep, Jordan Humble,
King Crab, Mr. Marcus Blitz, Old
Penguin, Peaceful Buddha, Psychomel, Red
Shadow Cat, Remember the Sun, Rinku
Star, Salty Surprise, Samine, Selude,
Simba's Bloody Jojo, Sky Harbor, Smiley
the Psychotic, Sully Man, Tali Sue, The
Chavez Brothers. Thank you guys so much
for being here. Thank you for listening.
Thank you for watching. and sweet
dreams.
[Music]